Additional information on activity usage with ActionBar (#519)
mikepenz/AboutLibraries: README.md

    .start(this) // start the activity
```

> The activity defines it's own Toolbar/ActionBar, so make sure that the applied theme doesn't provide an additional one, you will get an exception when starting the activity. If your default app theme still uses a theme with ActionBars you can override the AboutLibraries' Activity theme as described in [Style the AboutLibraries](#style-the-aboutlibraries-%EF%B8%8F)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The activity uses a toolbar, which requires the appropriate theme. See [Style the AboutLibraries](#style-the-aboutlibraries-%EF%B8%8F) for more details
```
